goodnight
good morning
Club World more beds two more places
more often that autumn time that's right
not budget flights but major airlines
like Continental American and Delta it's
almost unbelievable a free return gentle
flight to the US
for every reader starting in tomorrow's
Daily Mail
my dad says our house costs more than
yours
line up said it didn't my dad says all
haircuts Marvin Yan - Aleksanyan
my god says our TV cost more than yours
yes my dad said it there's prices that
are always low that's comet sent Joey
Cutler's got strong family values
I just finished to be happy it means
more to me than anything else in the
world you know I'll tell you and what
the family values strongly is respect
and we don't want any Jobcentre Tony
Martin canva and Jaime Foreman in a new
series family Monday 9:30